AST-2944 - fix: BBPress Compatibility with Astra Theme (#5051)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.1.1 (Unreleased)
- Fix: Customizer - Typography and Button Preset options selected preset not highlighting and reset button not functioning.

> - Fix: Showing author info multiple time and goes to infinite loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Author Info box is visible multiple times and goes into infinite loop in case of BBPress.
```

Author: Updated
